Ancients, why are you here?
Hey, the ancient man is this stinky trash picker
Look at the slander rate
Did he still slander you?
What the official boy said is true
You stinky trash picker
Now you know you're afraid
Dare to offend us Long Yin here
Lifetime you
It can only be the only funeral left in Chenghai
subordinate injustice
Meet the god of war
Greet the god of war, get up
You are really the god of war
You ignorant thing dare to offend the God of War
Lord War God has no eyes for anything
Look at you still looking forward to the Lord War God's team Su
I still hope that the Lord War God's team Su
Woman, you know what he does
Adults forgive sins
Zodiac Minister Jiang Zhenghai
Tell the God of War yourself
YES YES YES
Lord God of War, the reason why I can climb the Dragon Hidden position
But I know that a year ago
Lost the whereabouts of Western treasures
Western Treasures
Now is not the time for them to appear
We will use these three treasures
Identify the traitor